My father is the one who has been most involved in politics, always ranks first
when there are campaigns and he was a councilor for three consecutive terms.
Then he got sick and my mom took the council seat.
And then Juan Pablo's sister, Isabella, who works in the mayor's office,
my father supported her and she also became a councilor, and then
the option arose for the seat to remain within the family.
My father said, "No, I won't run because it requires a lot of time,
and you're younger and have more contact with the people."
So that's when my father said, "You're the one who should run."
Even before my father told me that, I had already enrolled in the party and everything,
the people in the community were telling me: "You should run now, for councilor, we'll support you."
And that's how we registered on a list and started the campaign work.
We achieved victory, which was difficult because we had to compete with other candidates for the council in this area.
We had to compete for votes, but thanks God, it was a success and I was able to accomplish it.
We had to fight among ourselves
and fight for the votes, but thanks to God, it was a success, I was able to achieve it.